"The real reason for not committing suicide is because you always know how swell life gets again after the hell is over." —Ernest Hemingway
"Grit your teeth and let it hurt. Don't deny it, don't be overwhelmed by it. It will not last forever." —Rabbi Harold Kushner
"If you’re going through hell, keep going." —Winston Churchill
“Suicide does not end the chances of life getting worse, suicide eliminates the possibility of it ever getting better.” —Kat Calhoun
“Have patience with all things, but chiefly have patience with yourself. Do not lose courage in considering your own imperfections but instantly set about remedying them — every day begin the task anew.” —Saint Frances de Sales
“If your heart is still beating, God Is not done with you yet.” —Dillon Burroughs
"The pain passes, but the beauty remains." —Pierre August Renoir
"Hope is a necessity for a normal life and the major weapon against the suicide impulse." —Karl A. Menninger
“The bravest thing I ever did was continuing my life when I wanted to die.” —Juliette Lewis
“There is a hero inside of you. You are the main character in an epic struggle between good and evil. Let’s travel to the dark places of grief together and climb out, where we can see the bigger picture.” —Marie White
"When I was 14, I came very close to becoming a gay teen suicide 'statistic,' but I then turned to music, my piano, my loved ones, and discovered that it does in fact get better." —Blake McIver Ewing
“All things are difficult before they are easy.” —Thomas Fuller
“To anyone out there who’s hurting — it’s not a sign of weakness to ask for help. It’s a sign of strength.” —Barack Obama
“Don’t ask yourself what the world needs. Ask yourself what makes you come alive and then go do that. Because what the world needs is more people who have come alive.” —Dr. Howard Thurman
"Place your hand over your heart, can you feel it? That is called purpose. You’re alive for a reason so don’t ever give up." —Joyce Meyer
"Think of all the beauty that’s still left in and around you and be happy!" —Anne Frank
“When you feel like giving up, just remember the reason why you held on for so long.” —Hayley Williams
“Soak up the views. Take in the bad weather and the good weather. You are not the storm.” —Matt Haig
“Time is continuous and whatever is happening right now will soon become the past. You have been through trying times before and not only survived them but thrived because of them, and you will again. Right now, there is a world of possibilities which can be harnessed to help you thrive again.” —Michael Nulty
“Healing takes courage, and we all have courage, even if we have to dig a little to find it.” —Tori Amos
“Suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem.” —Phil Donahue
"When it is darkest, we can see the stars." — Ralph Waldo Emerson
“When people kill themselves, they think they’re ending the pain, but all they’re doing is passing it on to those they leave behind.” — Jeannette Walls
“Courage does not always roar. Sometimes courage is the quiet voice at the end of the day saying, 'I will try again tomorrow.'” —Maru Anne Radmacher
"Suicide doesn’t end the chances of life getting worse, it eliminates the possibility of it ever getting any better."
“Anyone desperate enough for suicide should be desperate enough to go to creative extremes to solve problems: elope at midnight, stow away on the boat to New Zealand and start over, do what they always wanted to do but were afraid to try.” —Richard Bach
“When you get into a tight place and everything goes against you, till it seems as though you could not hang on a minute longer, never give up then, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn.” —Harriet Beecher Stowe
“If you want to show me that you really love me, don’t say that you would die for me, instead stay alive for me.”
“When you are tempted to give up, your breakthrough is probably just around the corner.” —Joyce Meyer
"Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle." —Christian D. Larson
